
# **Privacy Policy**

Effective date: September 29, 2023

My Customs Notes app is a Free app. This SERVICE is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service.

If you choose to use the Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information collected is used for providing and improving the Service. Your information won't be shared with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

## **Interpretation and Definitions**

### **Interpretation**

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### **Definitions**

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- **Application** refers to My Custom Notes, the software program.

- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to My Custom Notes' team.

- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- **Service** refers to the Application.

- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## **Your Personal Data**

### **Types of Data Collected**

**Personal Data**

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You, or automatically collect some of this data. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address

- Data Usage

**Usage Data**

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as but not limited to; Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), unique Device identifiers, Device name, operating system version, and other diagnostic data.

### **How is Data Collected**

We collect Personal Data through user input, such as when you create an Account or submit information within the Service.

In addition, some other data may be automatically gathered by Our Service or Service Providers when you use the Service. This automatically collected data is referred to as Usage Data.

### **Use of Your Personal Data**

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

**To provide and maintain our Service**, including to monitor the usage of our Service.

**To manage Your Account:** to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.

**To contact You:** To contact You by email, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

**To manage Your requests:** To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

### **Sharing Your Personal Data**

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

- **With Service Providers:** We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to analyze the use of Our Service and give You specific functionalities within the Service.

### **Access to Your Personal Data**

Through the Application, by using your Account, you may view and manage the Personal Data that you have actively provided or input into Our service.

Please note that certain data may be automatically gathered by Us or Our Service Providers, and this automated data might not be accessible for You to see or manipulate.

### **Delete and amend Your Personal Data**

You have the right to delete or amend the Personal Data that We have collected about You.

Our Service may give You the ability to delete or amend certain information about You from within the Service.

You may update, or delete Your information or Account any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage your Account.

Please note, however, that We may retain certain information set out in this Privacy Policy.

### **Retention of Your Personal Data**
By default, information required to provide you with the Service will be maintained for the duration of your Account. This includes data that is essential for the functionality and features of the Service to operate effectively.

If you request to delete your Account, We will not hold any information about You, but please note that we use Service Providers, and may not be able to delete all the information they might have collected about You.

We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

### **Data Portability**

If You wish to obtain a copy of the data We have collected, including your Personal Data you have provided to Us, You can request a copy in our Application in the settings section that allows You to manage Your Privacy.

Please note that certain data may be automatically gathered by Us or Our Service Providers, but this automated data may not be possible to export.

### **Disclosure of Your Personal Data**

**Business Transactions**

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

**Law enforcement**

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

**Other legal requirements**

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation

- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company

- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service

- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public

- Protect against legal liability

### **Security of Your Personal Data**

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to Your Personal Data, we will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, if permitted to do so by law.

## **Service Providers**

The Service does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify You.

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following, but not limited reasons:

- To facilitate Our Service;

- To provide the Service on Our behalf;

- To perform Service-related services; or

- To assist Us in analyzing how Our Service is used.

Services Providers that may be used by the Service:

Firebase by Google:

- Firebase Authentication

- Firebase Firestore Database

- Firebase Cloud Messaging

- Firebase Check App

- Google Play Services

Links to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service of third-party Service Providers that may be used by the Service:


- [Privacy and Security in Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy), [Terms of Service for Firebase Services](https://firebase.google.com/terms/) and [Firebase Data processing Terms](https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms).
- [Google Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy) and [Google Terms of Service](https://policies.google.com/terms).



## **Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your Device and are stored on your Device's internal memory.

Our Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the Service may use third-party code, libraries or Service Providers that may use "cookies" to collect information and improve Our and/or their service.

## **Push Notifications**

By using the Application, You consent to receive push notifications from Us. These notifications may include daily messages, alerts, updates, and other information related to the app's functionalities. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on Your Device.

## **Children's Privacy**

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 or children. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 or children. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 or children without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

Our Service complies with the minimum age requirements set by your country. If the minimum age required in your country is above 13, then that age is considered the minimum age for using our Service.

## **Links to Other Websites**

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## **Your privacy rights**
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Below you may find some of them with a short description.

- **The Right to Be Informed:** You have the right to know how your personal information is being collected, processed, used, how long it is retained, and if it's being shared.

- **The Right to Rectification:** If your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you can correct it to ensure it's up-to-date.

- **The Right to Erasure:** You can request the deletion or removal of your personal information when it's no longer necessary or if you withdraw your consent.

- **The Right to Data Portability:** You have the right to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, allowing you to transfer it to another service.

- **The Right to Restrict Processing:** You may request to limit the way your personal data is used.

- **The Right of Access:** You have the right to access the personal data a company holds about you, so that you are aware of the information they possess about you. This includes details like why they have your data, what kind of data they have, who they share it with, how long they keep it, your rights to correct or delete it, and to know If they use automated systems to make decisions about you.

- **The Right to Object:** You have the right to object to a company using your personal data at any time. This effectively means that you can stop or prevent the company from using your data.

- **The Right to Avoid Automated Decision-Making:** You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated means.

## **Changes to this Privacy Policy**

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Effective date" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## **Contact Us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, would like to file a complaint or need any help related to your Personal Data, You can contact Us by email.

**Contact Information**

Owner and Data controller

- Name: Nicolás Ferrada

- Email: mycustomnotes@nicolasferrada.com


